Eugenie kitchen
hi I'm Eugenie today is the first video
this week and the recipe is spaghetti
alla Carbonara
for this recipe you will need two
tablespoons of olive oil 1 clove of
garlic squashed two ounces of slab bacon
or pancetta cubed seven ounces of
spaghetti 2 eggs 2 ounces of Parmesan
cheese grated and freshly ground pepper
in a large mixing bowl cracking the eggs
and I didn't ready the Parmesan cheese
then whisk until combined and set aside
in a frying pan get an olive oil and
garlic over medium heat cook the garlic
now I'm adding the pasta in generous
amount of salted boiling water and cook
until al dente according to the package
directions for me it should be a little
less than 8 minutes stirring
occasionally cook the garlic for 3
minutes and remove the garlic and add in
bacon and cook for 6 minutes or until
golden and crisp don't forget to stir
your pasta occasionally
out of heat add a pasta directly from
the pan using a pasta spoon and picklist
are a few times to coat the pasta then
add the pasta into the egg parmesan
mixture and quickly mix wheat tones the
soul should thicken not scramble and if
desired add pasta cooking water to
obtain the consistency of your
preference and immediately serve on a
warm dish
voila doused with freshly ground pepper
and grated Parmesan cheese on top
property
special thanks to new shoes a home for
the choco Bonilla recipe
well medical Vanara should have creamy
sauce by